Prior to talking about Agile estimating techniques,
it's important to have a simple,
basic understanding of the Agile philosophy and values.
So let's spend a few moments exploring the Agile
philosophy in the following section.
So just what is this Agile stuff anyway?
So we have three coworkers in a room and one says,
let's try something called Agile.
The other one says, great!
So no more estimating and planning?
The third fella, oh, help us all!
I think some have viewed the Agile approach as the Wild West
and everyone just does whatever they want.
It's not like that of course, and let's learn why on the following slides.
Agile myths.
You may have heard, Agile has no process.
Agile doesn't have documentation.
Agile doesn't believe in making estimates.
Agile doesn't follow a plan.
All of these myths are false, of course.
Agile does have processes, documentation,
estimating, and plans,
but the approach is definitely different from what you may be used to.
And you should consider including Agile elements in your
collection of tools for creating estimates. Now let's check out the Agile philosophy on the next slide.